---
title: PhD Position in Dynamic Graphs
layout: news
---

Le Havre University (France) recruits a motivated candidate for a PhD fellowship. The position is for 3 years starting in September or October 2014.

Approximately 1700€ gross salary per month, medical insurance included. Candidates should apply immediately and up to the 6th of May 2014. The thesis will take place in the LITIS (computer science lab) of the university of Le Havre, France. Title: Structure Detection in Interaction Networks Abstract: Detecting structures in networks modelled with graphs is a wide research area with various applications such as constrained path finding, community detection, etc. However the consideration of time in such interaction network is yet to be handled more thoroughly. The thesis subject is twofold. It first focuses on the definition of appropriate time dependent graph measures. It then considers the expression of these measures within real life complex networks. As the team is involved in several thematic partnerships, various fields of application are possible for this project: social networks, transportation networks (road and sea), life cycle assessment, etc. Anyway, the precise field of application of the project will be discussed and chosen in accordance with the selected fellow’s insight. Key words: dynamic graphs, interaction networks, swarm intelligence, multiagent systems, community detection Profile: The fellow candidate should have a strong theoretical background in graph theory and present a broadened scientific culture in the field of interaction networks. Knowledge in statistical analysis and stochastic modelling are a plus. Other required qualities: good level of English (French is a plus), inquiring mind, commitment and perseverance, good interpersonal skills, ability to work in a team. Application : Applications must be submitted as soon as possible and up to Tuesday May 6th, 2014 to Yoann Pigné (yoann.pigne@univ-lehavre.fr). Applications should include a detailled resume, master grades, rankings, Msc documents (marks), a covering letter and some references.

